Miss Shen Shen
This dog chop suey
I need your ability
I was caught sneaking into the annual meeting
I almost broke your big hand
I can only teach you a lesson
Do dog stuff
Try scolding me again
Miss Shen is ha
All my guests
Who gave you the guts?
Miss Shen
His surname is Wu
Teach people a lesson for me
You are also worthy of Miss Shen
Sorry, I was wrong.
Please forgive me.
Take it up and break it for me, feed the fish, who wants my sister, please?
I am forever helpless
Mr. Shen, all the staff came by me
Will any bastard marry me out?
He asked me to find you
Take it away
Sister, how many years have you had this temper?
How old are you?
Let her go
Just as soft-hearted as you are
You can do that
I think you'd better go home, sister.